Update README about build tools (#9545)
eclipse/jetty.project: README.md

Building
========

To build, use [Apache Maven 3.8.0](https://maven.apache.org/) (or better):

Fast Build:

``` shell
mvn -Pci clean install -DskipTests
```

Full Build with All Tests:

``` shell
mvn clean install
```

Optional build tools: 

* [`graphviz`](https://graphviz.org/) - used by asciidoctor in the jetty-documentation build to produce various graphs

> 

Reviewer: maybe Docker can be added here
```suggestion
* [`Docker`](https://www.docker.com/) - used to run some integration tests for testing third party integrations
```

Author: @olamy go ahead and make the edits on this branch.

Might want to point out the version of JDK too?

Reviewer: @joakime done but you might need to have a look at possible english typos ;)

Building
========

To build, use [Apache Maven 3.8.0](https://maven.apache.org/) (or better):

> Fast Build:

Reviewer: very fast build using `-Pfast` :) because `-Pci` activates spotbugs which is not really fast

Building
========

[Apache Maven 3.8.0](https://maven.apache.org/) and [OpenJDK](https://adoptium.net/) requirements:

Branch         | Maven Version | Minimum JDK | Recommended JDK
---------------|---------------|-------------| ---------------
`jetty-10.0.x` | Maven 3.8.6+  | OpenJDK 11  | OpenJDK 17 (for optional loom and http/3 support)
`jetty-11.0.x` | Maven 3.8.6+  | OpenJDK 11  | OpenJDK 17 (for optional loom and http/3 support)
`jetty-12.0.x` | Maven 3.8.6+  | OpenJDK 17  | OpenJDK 17

Full Build with All Tests:

``` shell
mvn clean install
```

Fast Build if you need jars and distribution (not running tests, checkstyle, enforcer, license check):

``` shell
mvn -Pfast clean install
```
Optional build tools: 

* [`graphviz`](https://graphviz.org/) - used by asciidoctor in the jetty-documentation build to produce various graphs
* [`Docker`](https://www.docker.com/) - used to run some integration tests for testing third party integrations

> Eclipse Jetty will be built in `jetty-home/target/jetty-home`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `jetty-home` artifact for standalone server usage will be built in `jetty-home/target/jetty-home`.
```

Author: If we are going down this path, then we should expand it further.

> The first build will take longer than subsequent builds as Maven will downloads all third party dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first build will take longer than subsequent builds as Maven will download direct, transitive and third party dependencies.
```

Author: Anything that isn't in `org.eclipse.jetty` (or is outside of this build reactor) is third party, we got it covered.

Reviewer 2: Then don't say "third party", they are just dependencies.

Building
========

[Apache Maven 3.8.0](https://maven.apache.org/) and [OpenJDK](https://adoptium.net/) requirements:

Branch         | Maven Version | Minimum JDK | Recommended JDK
---------------|---------------|-------------| ---------------
`jetty-10.0.x` | Maven 3.8.6+  | OpenJDK 11  | OpenJDK 17 (for optional loom and http/3 support)
`jetty-11.0.x` | Maven 3.8.6+  | OpenJDK 11  | OpenJDK 17 (for optional loom and http/3 support)

> `jetty-12.0.x` | Maven 3.8.6+  | OpenJDK 17  | OpenJDK 17

Reviewer 3: Do we need the recommended JDK column? That might date quickly and I can see us not updating that.

Also, technically we only need to list the mvn and jdk version needed for this branch and this table can(does) live on a webpage that points to the various branches.

``` shell
mvn -Pfast clean install
```
Optional build tools: 

* [`graphviz`](https://graphviz.org/) - used by asciidoctor in the jetty-documentation build to produce various graphs
* [`Docker`](https://www.docker.com/) - used to run some integration tests for testing third party integrations

Once the build is complete, you can find the built Jetty Maven artifacts in your Maven local repository.
Along with the following locations of note:

Branches | Location                                                          | Description
---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|---------
all      | `jetty-home/target/jetty-home-<ver>.tar.gz`                       | The Jetty Home standalone tarball
`jetty-10.0.x` and `jetty-11.0.x` | `jetty-runner/target/jetty-runner-<ver>.jar`   | The Jetty Runner uber jar
`jetty-12.0.x` | `jetty-ee10/jetty-ee10-runner/target/jetty-ee10-runner-<ver>.jar` | The Jetty Runner uber jar for ee10/Servlet 6 (jakarta.servlet) webapps
`jetty-12.0.x` | `jetty-ee9/jetty-ee9-runner/target/jetty-ee9-runner-<ver>.jar`    | The Jetty Runner uber jar for ee9/Servlet 5 (jakarta.servlet) webapps

> `jetty-12.0.x` | `jetty-ee8/jetty-ee8-runner/target/jetty-ee8-runner-<ver>.jar`    | The Jetty Runner uber jar for ee8/Servlet 4 (javax.servlet) webapps

Reviewer 3: Not sure we need the table of all branches here.  We should just say what this branch does.

* [`graphviz`](https://graphviz.org/) - used by asciidoctor in the jetty-documentation build to produce various graphs
* [`Docker`](https://www.docker.com/) - used to run some integration tests for testing third party integrations

Once the build is complete, you can find the built Jetty Maven artifacts in your Maven local repository.
Along with the following locations of note:

Branches | Location                                                          | Description
---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|---------
all      | `jetty-home/target/jetty-home-<ver>.tar.gz`                       | The Jetty Home standalone tarball

> `jetty-10.0.x` and `jetty-11.0.x` | `jetty-runner/target/jetty-runner-<ver>.jar`   | The Jetty Runner uber jar

Reviewer 2: I still think we should not add `jetty-runner` here, but if we are going to keep it, split the branches (more readable even if duplicated) and add in the description the ee version they refer to (it's different).
